# ALBA
* Wrapping up libaio binding
* Jan is doing performance testing:
    * 1 ASD will not be able to use the full bandwidth of an SSD. (Performance is limited per ASD - 10K gets/s). Let's try with more ASDs per SSD.
* Looking into issues RDMA (was an issue with a link), code will be finished this week.
* Communication between voldrv and alba is now simple rpc call. Should prob be revisited.

# Voldrv
* Edge
    * Edge client/server is using [Accelio](http://www.accelio.org/) as RDMA library.
    * Both client/server are asynchronous
    * Server and client are done (first version - feature/edge branch)
    * We took the approach to integrated into the shm library so we don't have to maintain 2 libraries.
    * Performance still needs to be tested
    * Control path still  needs to be done (create vdisk etc ...)
    * Edge server 600K iops max can be expected.
* Performance of the new voldrv (with fuse3) with 6 vpools (4 disks per vpool) for random writes the performance is 360k-370k IOPS and for random reads its 590k IOPS for a single host. We will be increasing the number of vpools and testing again.
    * 2 intel nvmes are not enough - we need more hardware!
    * 480k IOPS random writes when in memory instead of SSD.
* Next move DTL to memory (DTL will be slow when it stays on flash)
* Fuse3 still  needs to be added in the dev build.

# Framework
*  Verified the scalability with 5,000 real vdisks. Indentified some issues when fetching real-time statistics of the vdisks.
    * [Voldrv added some new api calls](https://github.com/openvstorage/volumedriver/commit/54c76f2fbddbfaffc12784e4509dbca630319f29) so statistics can be collected from a single call.
    * New api calls still need to be integrated monday (Kenneth).
* Issues with update script between 2.6 and 2.7, should be tackled now
* Modulare installation of the different components - almost code complete
    * Components arakoon, etcd, rabbitmq can be installed manually and layed out in an arakoon cluster of your choice and when you configre it pick that arakoon cluster for that usage. To be tested.
* Integration of flash accelerated alba has started today
* SSD must have possibility to have multiple ASD. (Performance is limited per ASD - 10K gets/s)
    * Not updatable, static config (rule of thumb 4 a6)
* To be done:
    * Design architecture for the edge April, start coding May

